Add breaking change for manual flows (#388)
directus/docs: content/releases/3.breaking-changes/2.version-11.md

description: Breaking changes may require action on your part before upgrading.
---

## Version 11.9.0

### Flows with a manual trigger require authentication

We now require user authentication when calling the endpoint to trigger flows with a manual trigger.

> If you need a Flow to be publicly accessible then a webhook trigger should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Flows with a manual trigger require authentication

User authentication is required to trigger flows with a manual trigger.
For publicly accessible flows, please use a webhook trigger instead.
```
